What is Ms. Chen?
I am the boss of He Ming Jewelry
He Ming Jewelry
Oops, this is the number one jewelry folk song for men
What is the boss doing here?
It's like this. A gentleman ordered a gift for Ms. Chen in our store and asked me to deliver it
This is a full set of jewelry with 30 gold bars
Are you still satisfied with such expensive jewelry?
Excuse me, this electrician
Oh, do you need to ask?
It must be my Chen Fei
Hey, in this place
Who else has the strength except my Chen Fei?
Did you really order Chen Fei?
God, you are too rich
Oh, yes, yes
It's me, I wouldn't dare to come to the door with a few rotten apples like some people
Zhou Chenfei is usually quite a person
I came to visit today and was willing to pay for it
Sister, please take a look later
Mr. Fu, please sign the purchase form